## About Me! 👋

Senior Data Scientist, Senior AI/ML Engineer and Generative AI Lead with 4+ years of professional experience in modelling end-to-end data-driven and AI/ML-Powered business solutions spanning a wide range of domains including real estate, healthcare and education. Currently working as a Senior AI/ML Engineer, Generative AI Lead and Senior Equity Research Analyst at RCK Analytics, building and delivering innovative, cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning solutions for multiple use-cases spanning Investment Research, Investment Banking, PE/VC Research, etc.

Led a Data Science team responsible for effectively transforming data into business insights and enabling businesses to harness the power of data. Completed client projects under hard-coded deadlines and effectively communicated the results to stakeholders. Experience building end-to-end Machine Learning and Deep Learning solutions for associated use cases, Generative AI models deploying Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) and all the modern stack and harnessing statistical inference to weave data into a story.

A life-long learner who loves to take a deep dive into data, learn its intricacies and unfold the story it has to tell. A strong academic background with three Master' degrees (more to come!), multiple certifications in Full Stack Data Science, Machine Learning, Generative AI, Prompt Engineering and associated domains and a strong base in Statistics, which indeed sits at the heart of machine learning.
